come on clap your hands and give god
praise come on if you know that dawn is
getting ready to do something in your
life come on and clap your hands and
give it away hallelujah you're sure I
want you to do me a favor we give honor
to all whom honor is due but as we move
on in this service I feel this in my
spirit I want you to look at your
neighbor and tell them neighbor there's
a miracle waiting for you when you get
home the Bible says that the power of
life and death is in our time and you
can literally speak yourself into a
miracle I just wonder is there anybody
in here that needs a miracle when you
get back home I want you to look at your
neighbor and tell them Nathan there is a
miracle waiting at your house now if
they didn't start praising God that
means you sit next to sup oh come on
somebody ought to praise Him in this
place
listen without the music just one moment
it was when I got older that I
understood the difference between a
dance and a shout I was always taught
this shouting was doing this but it was
dancing you dance with your feet but you
shot with your mouth I'm gonna count to
three in this place and I don't want
nobody to dance I don't even want you to
clap but I want you to open your mouth
and holler in this place like you know
that there is a miracle waiting on you
are y'all ready to give call a halt in
here one two three come on come on come
on come on George the atmosphere come on
George the atmosphere come on shout come
on shout you're shouting for your
miracle you're shouting for your
breakthrough come on shout come on now
kept your hands and praise it
listen how are you